thank you very much ladies and gentlemen
if there's me with great honor and prize
to be given the chance to take the
position of Prime Minister of this great
nation I would like to thank everybody
who helped support me and the Unity
Party throughout our campaign people of
Britain change is here is a good day to
be British mhm right I think that was
the one dagger Stevenson here reporting
on the results of last night's election
the Unity Party led by Prime Minister
Blake Taylor and Deputy Prime Minister
Karen words have won a majority votes
marking me
kayla has announced his controversial
plans to privatize the UK police force
selling portions to private investors
for sons as large as 20 more MPs have
resigned their post citing the unstable
the growing resentment for the Unity
Party has manifested itself in riots all
over the country most notably
this may be my final broadcast I don't
know how much longer I can stay on air
before they find me I must speak out we
are living in a dictatorship Lake Taylor
must be stopped before he plunges this
country into
you